Update Lambda Chat docs (#47)
cbrownstein-lambda/lambda-docs-mkdocs: docs/public-cloud/1-click-clusters/index.md

1. Use the 1CC reservation wizard to reserve your cluster.
    1. *Type/Duration:* Enter the duration in weeks that you want to reserve the cluster, and then select the cluster type you want to launch.
    1. *Region:* Select the region in which you want to launch your cluster.
    1. *Filesystem:* Optionally, select an existing file system that you want to attach to the cluster, or click **Create a new  filesystem** to create a new file system. If you don’t want to attach an existing file system or create a new file system, click **Don’t attach a filesystem (an empty one will be created)**.
    1. *SSH Key:* Select the SSH key that you want to use to access your cluster, then click **Next**.
    1. *Cluster name:* Enter a name for your cluster, then click **Continue to Payment**. You’re presented with a billing summary and the billing information you have saved to your Lambda On-Demand Cloud account.
1. If needed, update your billing information and change the email address where you’d like the invoice for your 1CC reservation to be sent.

> 1. Only the invoice will be sent to this email address. All notifications and other information regarding your 1CC will be sent to the email address associated with your account.

Reviewer: Should be a note, not a list item

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/cbrownstein-lambda/lambda-docs-mkdocs/commit/213fe709f40640b3d9f31a9896605c6ecd08c39f.

## Accessing your 1-Click Cluster

> Your 1CC’s management nodes have public IP addresses and can be accessed directly via SSH. You can access your compute nodes via SSH using a management node as a jump box. You can also access both your management nodes and your compute nodes using [Jupyter Notebook](../on-demand/getting-started.md#how-do-i-open-jupyter-notebook-on-my-instance).

Reviewer: Nit: change smart-quote apostrophe to regular apostrophe

```suggestion
Your 1CC's management nodes have public IP addresses and can be accessed directly via SSH. You can access your compute nodes via SSH using a management node as a jump box. You can also access both your management nodes and your compute nodes using [Jupyter Notebook](../on-demand/getting-started.md#how-do-i-open-jupyter-notebook-on-my-instance).
```

Author: Just noting that smart quotes appear in many places:

```
$ git grep --name-only ’ \*.md
docs/education/large-language-models/serving-llama-3-1-405b.md
docs/education/linux-usage/basic-linux-commands-and-system-administration.md
docs/education/linux-usage/troubleshooting-and-debugging.md
docs/education/linux-usage/using-the-lambda-bug-report-to-troubleshoot-your-system.md
docs/education/linux-usage/using-the-nvidia-bug-report.log-file-to-troubleshoot-your-system.md
docs/education/programming/virtual-environments-containers.md
docs/education/tutorial-getting-started-with-training-a-machine-learning-model.md
docs/hardware/workstations/getting-started.md
docs/public-cloud/1-click-clusters/index.md
docs/public-cloud/1-click-clusters/support.md
docs/public-cloud/cloud-api.md
docs/public-cloud/filesystems.md
docs/public-cloud/firewalls.md
docs/public-cloud/lambda-chat-api.md
docs/public-cloud/on-demand/dashboard.md
docs/public-cloud/on-demand/demos.md
docs/public-cloud/on-demand/getting-started.md
docs/public-cloud/teams.md
```
